<h3>Prayer to Mary</h3>
<b>St. Ludwik Maria Grignon de Montfort, translated by Magdalena Tuszyńska from an English text</b>
<br/>
<br/>
Hail Mary, beloved daughter of the Eternal Father! Hail Mary, glorified Mother of the Son!
Hail Mary, faithful Bride of the Holy Spirit!
Hail Mary, my beloved Mother, beloved Lord, my all-powerful Queen!
Hail my joy, my glory, my heart and my soul!
You are all mine thanks to mercy, and I am all thanks to justice.
But I'm not completely yours yet. So now I devote myself to You completely, keeping nothing for myself or for others. And if you still see something in me that doesn't belong to you, I am begging you, remove it,
and make Yourself the absolute ruler of all that is mine.
Destroy in me everything that can hurt God, erode and eliminate
plant in me and cultivate everything that pleases You.
Let the light of faith disperse the darkness of my mind, let deep humility take the place of my pride, let high reflection enter the place of my wandering imagination, let the image of God fill my memory with His presence, let the fiery love of your heart ignite my coldness, let Your virtues take the place my sins, may Your merits be the only decoration in God's eyes and give me everything that is expected of me.
Please, beloved Mother, if it is possible, that I would have no other spirit than yours, that I would know Jesus and His God's Will; that I would not have a soul other than yours to worship and praise God, that I would not have a heart other than yours, to love God with a love as pure and burning as yours.
I am not asking you for visions, revelations, special devotions or spiritual satisfaction.
Your privilege is that you see God very clearly
Your privilege is to enjoy heavenly pleasure,
Your privilege is to triumph gloriously in Heaven at the Son's right hand
And to wield absolute power over Angels, people and demons.
Your privilege is to dispose of all God's gifts as you wish.
This, heavenly Mary, is the "best part" that the Lord has given you and which will never be taken away from You. And this thought fills my heart with joy.
And as for my part here on earth, I am asking for nothing but what is yours: to believe deeply without spiritual joys, to suffer joyfully without the comfort of people,
to die constantly for yourself, without a respite, and to work earnestly and unselfishly until You die, as the most humble servant among Your servants.
The only grace for which I am begging you to receive for me is that I may, every day and in
every moment of my life he could say:
Amen, let it be so - in front of all that you did while you were still on earth; Amen, let it be so - in front of all that you do now in Heaven;
Amen, so be it - in front of all that you do in my soul,
that you alone could glorify Jesus in me, in time and in eternity. Amen.
<br/>