<h3>Prayer to Jesus Christ</h3>
<b>St. Ludwik Maria Grignon de Montfort - translated by Magdalena Tuszyńska, from an English text</b>
<br/>
<br/>
O beloved Jesus, allow me to bow deeply to You, thank you for the grace You have given me, giving me Your Holy Mother through the service of Holy Slavery.
Thanks to this, she can be my lawyer before Your Majesty and support in my infinite misery. OH lord I am so devastated that without this beloved Mother I would inevitably be lost.
Yes, I need Mary by your side and all around me: that she would alleviate your righteous anger,
because I have been against you so often; that she would save me from the eternal punishment of Your righteousness which I owe rightly; so that she could ponder you, address you
to pray to you and to appease you; that she could help me save my soul and the souls of others; In a word, I need Mary, so that I can always do Your Holy Will and strive for Your greatest glory in everything.
Ah, if I could spread the mercy you have shown to me all over the world!
That everyone would know that if it wasn't for Mary, I would be condemned to perpetual damnation!
If I could offer the due thank you for such a great blessing!
Mary is in me. Oh, what a wealth! Oh what a relief!
And should I not belong to her completely? Oh, what a lack of gratitude!
My beloved Savior, send me death rather than such ingratitude,
because I should die rather than live without completely belonging to Mary.
At the foot of the Cross with Saint. John the Evangelist, I accepted her a thousand times as my own mother,
and I gave her to her so many times; but if I have not done it the way you wish, beloved Jesus, I am now resuming this sacrifice in the way that You would have wanted it. And if you see anything in my soul or in my body that doesn't belong to this mighty Queen, I pray to You,
that you remove it and reject it far, because everything that is inside me and does not belong to Mary is unworthy of You.
O Holy Spirit, grant me all these favors. Plant a Tree of real life in my soul, which is Mary; cultivate and care for it so that it can grow, cover with flowers,
and bring fruit of life in abundance.
O Holy Spirit, give me a deep devotion to Mary, Your faithful Bride,
give me great trust in her motherly heart and a safe refuge in her mercy, so that thanks to her you can truly shape Jesus Christ in me,
great and mighty, until his time was completely filled. Amen.
<br/>