<h1> Hail Mary <h1 />
<br/>
Hail, Mary, model of receiving God's will. Greetings, Mary, teaching to be open to God. By greeting you, we praise God the Father with you. Greeting You, we salute Your Son Jesus. Greeting You, we are finding Jesus. In greeting you, we remain with you with Jesus. Be greeted. Hail Mary. Be greeted. Full of grace. Mary, full of grace, obtain for us the graces we need from the Lord. Mary, full of grace, keep the sanctifying grace in us. Mary, full of grace, guard the sanctifying grace in every human being. Mary, full of grace, ask Your Son for His concern for the multiplication of grace. Mary, full of grace, obtain for us from Your Son a life of grace. Mary, full of grace, obtain for us a conscious participation in the life of God. Hail for accepting the Lord. Hail for giving us your Son, Jesus Christ. Be greeted for constantly reminding us of His presence in us.
Be greeted for the fact that the Scapular is a sign of love, and love is a sign of your presence and, through you, of Jesus. Be greeted for the fact that the Lord is with you and thanks to you we are fuller with You and through You, or with You, our Lord. Jesus Christ. Be blessed you believed. Bless you have preceded us in faith. Be blessed, you stand before us as a model of faith. Be blessed that in faith you accepted a Savior for yourself and for us. Blessed be blessed, blessed among women. Hail who you have lived by the Spirit. Hail who has become worthy to be the Mother of Jesus. Be greeted for the wonderful Fruit of your life according to the Spirit. Hail for Jesus, whom You gave to the world, to each of us. Hail for this gift: with the fruit of your life, Jesus, in us, we can be assured of salvation. Greetings, Holy Mary, Mother of God. Hail for your holiness. Be greeted for accepting the mission of the Mother of the Son of God. Hail you always did what God liked. Hail you also accepting your Mother's responsibilities towards us. Hail for urging us to do God's will. Be greeted for showing us the path we must follow, so that we turn our hearts to God and incline our hearts to do His will, and then Jesus will recognize us as His brothers and will love us as He loved You. Hail, Holy Mary, our Mother. Hail, Holy Mary, Mediatrix. Greetings, Holy Mary, Intercessor. Hail, Holy Mary, Help of Christians. Hail, Holy Mary, our Hope. Greetings, Holy Mary, who are with us every moment. Greetings, Holy Mary, who pray for us now. Hail, Holy Mary, who bring our prayers before God. Bless you, Holy Mary, who teach prayer through the Scapular. Hail, Holy Mary, who through the Scapular stir up in us the hope of deliverance from sin. Hail, Mother of God, for the gift of the Holy Scapular. Greetings, Mother of God, for maternal protection over us. Hail, Mother of God, for recognizing us as your children. Greetings, Mother of God, for securing us with the Scapular at the hour of death.
Greetings, Mother of God, for Your presence in our presence. Greetings, Mother of God, for promising on the first Saturday after our death to lead us from purgatory to see God.